# CBSA-Data-analytic-challenge-021 Documentation

## Program structure

### The program automatically generates folders.

- **analysis**  to store intermediate files generated by the analysis data.
- **data**  to store the raw data.

### The program generated files.

- **wordcloud.jpg**  Word cloud files generated for top ranking keywords.
- **sourcetime.jpg**  Line graph of the trend of the number of each comment source over time.

### The important structure.

- **map_dataset: 'dict[docid:[line]]'**  A dictionary that stores the correspondence between ids and data rows.
- **map_nkey: 'dict[docid:[n_keywords]]'**  A dictionary that stores the correspondence between ids and keywords.
- **source_key_dict: 'dict[source:set(docid)]'**  A dictionary that stores the correspondence between groups and published statements.

## User Manual

1. Download the files, first run the code once, it will create two files data and analysis, it will report an error indicating that the data file is missing.
2. First copy the new_analytics_challenge_dataset_edited.xlsx data file to the data directory, then run the program to convert the data file (3 minutes), and set the DEBUG mode to False.
3. The data conversion will take about 3 minutes and will generate a .pkl file under the data directory for fast data reading.
4. Then the program will extract the keywords of each data item for subsequent analysis. The keywords are extracted using jieba's python library (which needs to be installed in advance), and the process takes about 2 hours.
5. If you don't want to wait two hours and don't need to set additional parameters, copy analysis_nkey_array.pkl to the analysis folder.
6. Running the file directly will generate the corresponding analysis files under the analysis folder.
7. The analysis files are analysis of time, analysis of comment sentiment, and extraction of content of interest.
8. You can set the words of interest
9. Time analysis interval

## Update Function

1. More accurate keyword extraction, and high frequency keyword.
2. Graph of keyword sources and temporal changes in the number of comments by camp.
3. Emotion a